Make captions bold text below the plots (#67)
SciML/GlobalSensitivity.jl: joss/paper.md

![Heatmap of partial correlation and standard regression coefficients for the maximum of the prey population and the mean of the predator population from the Lotka Volterra model. The first column in each of the heatmaps corresponds to the maximum of the predator population and the second column corresponds the mean of the prey population. The rows follow the order of the parameters in the vector, first row being `p[1]` second `p[2]` and so on.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23134958/177251367-9c93a219-8871-4734-8e3f-b6e3f6b6d90a.png)

Next, the Morris method is used and results are visualized as a scatter plot.

```julia
using StableRNGs
_rng = StableRNG(1234)
morris_sens = gsa(f1, Morris(), bounds, rng = _rng)
fig = Figure(resolution = (400, 300))
scatter(fig[1,1], [1,2,3,4], morris_sens.means_star[1,:],
        color = :green, axis = (xticksvisible = false,
        xticklabelsvisible = false, title = "Prey (Morris)",))
scatter(fig[1,2], [1,2,3,4], morris_sens.means_star[2,:],
        color = :red, axis = (xticksvisible = false,
        xticklabelsvisible = false, title = "Predator (Morris)",))
Label(fig[2, :], "Morris method GSA for Lotka Volterra model")
fig
```

> ![Scatter plot of `μ*` for the mean of the prey population and maximum of the predator population from the Morris method. The first plot corresponds to the mean of the prey population and the second plot corresponds to the maximum of the predator population. Each of the four parameters occur in both plots as one scatter point with `μ*` on the y-axis and index of the parameter corresponding to its order on the x-axis.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23134958/177251158-69a6e8b8-0a46-4998-b9f2-106886827176.png)

Reviewer: First, second, etc. doesn't have a clear meaning. "Left: the Morris indices for the mean of the prey population". Top left, bottom right, etc. If you really took the time you'd add (A) etc. to the plots for naming, but left right top bottom should be fine.

> ![Scatter plot of `μ*` for the mean of the prey population and maximum of the predator population from the Morris method. The first plot corresponds to the mean of the prey population and the second plot corresponds to the maximum of the predator population. Each of the four parameters occur in both plots as one scatter point with `μ*` on the y-axis and index of the parameter corresponding to its order on the x-axis.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23134958/177251158-69a6e8b8-0a46-4998-b9f2-106886827176.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![**Scatter plot of `μ*` for the mean of the prey population and maximum of the predator population from the Morris method.** Depicted are the Morris indices for the mean of the time series solutions for the Lotka-Volterra ODE solved on the time interval `(0.0,10.0)` with parameters as demonstrated in the code sample. Each of the four parameters occur in both plots as one scatter point with `μ*` on the y-axis and index of the parameter corresponding to its order on the x-axis. Left: the Morris indices for the mean of the prey population. Right: the Morris indices for the maximum of the predator population.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23134958/177251158-69a6e8b8-0a46-4998-b9f2-106886827176.png)
```

Reviewer: A similar treatment needs to be done with the other captions, and then I think we're good to resubmit.
